README.md, before:

# AI for LifeSciences Hackathon 2023
[Notion Site](https://wax-butterfly-46f.notion.site/AI4LS-1-Info-for-Participants-b8dd7d8e2c9e4d94a111086043d1bc9d)
## November 15 - December 20

### Tools & Applications
#### GIS (Geographical Information Systems)
[QGIS](https://qgis.org/en/site/) is a free open source geographical information system. Using this we can visualize the ESRI data in LUCAS datasets. Documentation [link](https://docs.qgis.org/3.4/en/docs/index.html)

[ARCGIS Maps SDK for .NET](https://developers.arcgis.com/net/) could be useful, if WPF or Blazor applicaitons are built, for visualization needs.

#### Data Analysis & User Interfaces
For python 3 notebooks, a single virtual environment is used and analysis spread across multiple notebooks. Using Jupyter extension in VSCode.

(.NET 8.0)[https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download/dotnet/8.0] used for data cleanup, api integrations and some application development. Requires installation of SDK for development. Currently a WPF application is also developed for visualization purpose.

<img src="./images/WPFAppScreenShot.png" alt="drawing" width="300"/>

Commit message:

added link to microbiome sequence data in readme

README.md, after:

# AI for LifeSciences Hackathon 2023
[Notion Site](https://wax-butterfly-46f.notion.site/AI4LS-1-Info-for-Participants-b8dd7d8e2c9e4d94a111086043d1bc9d)
## November 15 - December 20

### Datasets
The land usage data for years 2009, 2015 and 2018 is available in this repository.
The microbiome sequence data is available for a short while [here](https://vaquitatechnologies-my.sharepoint.com/:f:/g/personal/vijayasekhar_gullapalli_vaqtech_com/Ep0R0pypvWlOn1HB9-NDXY0BagmWwyPKlZrB2dQ-Efv_5w?e=o9O3Jw). The total size of microbiome sequence data is around 75 GB.

Here is the overlay of land usage data.

<img src="./images/LandUsageDataOverlay.png" alt="LandUsageDataOverlay.png" width=300>


### Tools & Applications
#### GIS (Geographical Information Systems)
[QGIS](https://qgis.org/en/site/) is a free open source geographical information system. Using this we can visualize the ESRI data in LUCAS datasets. Documentation [link](https://docs.qgis.org/3.4/en/docs/index.html)

[ARCGIS Maps SDK for .NET](https://developers.arcgis.com/net/) could be useful, if WPF or Blazor applicaitons are built, for visualization needs.

#### Data Analysis & User Interfaces
For python 3 notebooks, a single virtual environment is used and analysis spread across multiple notebooks. Using Jupyter extension in VSCode.

(.NET 8.0)[https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download/dotnet/8.0] used for data cleanup, api integrations and some application development. Requires installation of SDK for development. Currently a WPF application is also developed for visualization purpose.

<img src="./images/WPFAppScreenShot.png" alt="drawing" width="300"/>
